#### Features
-  A brand new timeline to your overview page. This is also available on public profiles, if you choose to set it to visible.
-  Added a pusher that notifies you of new messages or notifications without having to reload the page or having the page check for new messages constantly. It may cause some problems shortly after launch as it needs a little more testing when live.
-  When blocking a user you now have the option to hide their messages or not. Additionally unblocking a user gives you the option to automatically restore all messages sent between you and the other user.
-  Allows an admin to close a bug report to have an clearer overview of which bugs need fixing.

#### Design
-  Changed the look of the checkboxes.
-  Changed the look of individual components.
-  Changed the look of this changelog. Older versions now automatically collapse and you can see changes per version.
-  Switched over to a different icon package. Some icons have been changed.
-  Overview page looks different now, you can switch between each sub-section freely.


#### Bugs
-  Fixed some small database problems (that should never be an issue in production).
-  Fixed a problem where some columns weren't sortable due to them being objects, rather than numbers or strings.
-  Translated the notification you get when you earn an achievement.

#### Code
-  Added websockets.
-  Upgraded to Laravel 10.
-  After creating a group, you are now automatically redirected to the group page.
-  Changed the use of the store in some cases, to prevent the site from holding too much data.
-  Changed how messages are stored for easier development.
-  Made a setup for unit/component testing