#### Features

-   The homepage tasks can now be interacted with to give users an idea on how the site works. Hopefully this doesn't cause confusion as these tasks are not saved. Should I be more explicit in stating that these tasks aren't saved?
-   Added experience and levels to groups. Group members now contribute to the group's experience by completing tasks. Each member can contribute a maximum amount of experience per day. The amount contributed per day and total can be seen on the group page. Each member's total contribution is also visible on the members list.
-   Added the option to create a guest account. A guest account doesn't have access to the social aspect (groups, friends, messages) but can access everything else on the site. A random username is generated, as well as a name for any chosen character or village. Guest users can choose to switch to a regular account by choosing a username, email address and password without losing any progress. (Switching to a regular account will come in version 0.7)

#### Bugs

-   Fixed a bug where a new achievement didn't automatically get added to the list
-   Fixed a bug where a reported user's messages appeared double in the admin report screen
-   Hopefully fixed the websockets? It should need some work when pushed to production

#### Code

-   Made some components more reusable
-   Reworked the modal component into an easier-to-implement service
-   Made reusable components out of some buttons
-   Changed how errors work to be useable in all code, and not just in components
-   Replaced the group overview table with a component

#### Known bugs

-   There is currently a bug with modals that only happens sometimes. I suspect it only happens in development, but it may cause modals to not open (without any error messages). If this happens, reload the page and it should work again.
