#### Features

-   Finally got websockets working in production. When receiving a message or notification, the user now instantly gets a red dot on their respective icons to signal an unread message, without having to first load a new page. Reading this message or notification should get rid of the dot.
-   When on the notifications or messages page, when receiving a new incoming message, this instantly gets added to the existing messages/notifications, without having to reload the page.
-   When picking a name for your village, character or username, you can now click the dice icon to roll a random name. These names come from the same pool as names generated for guest accounts.
-   Guest accounts can now be transformed into a regular account through the settings.
-   In the admin overview guest accounts are now shown as a separate stat.
-   When creating a weekly task, you can now pick the day it resets on.
-   You can also make a task that returns multiple days per week, and you can pick which days it resets on.
-   Admins can finally delete achievements that were made by accident, or are obsolete. Earned achievements will also be deleted, these are only to be used for achievements that shouldn't exist.
-   You can finally move a task to a different task list when editing or when creating.
-   The username is now shown in the navigation.

#### Bugs

-   Fixed a bug causing messages to not show up for some reason (should only affect development environment)

#### Code

-   Creating a regular or guest account slightly improved. Guest accounts now get an achievement for their first task, a basic starter task always exists, reduced code on registering.

#### Known bugs

-   When receiving a message (and possibly notification), the red dot signalling an unread message may not disappear when reading the message. Reloading the page fixes this. Will be fixed in a future patch.
-   I am a lot to deal with when trying to fix this site, somehow Toad puts up with that. Known bug. May try to fix later.

## NOTE

In the next release (or the one after that) the 'character' part of this site will go into legacy mode, I am going forward with a village only. You will be able to retired your character and take your stats/levels over to a new village, or start over with a new village. Having two options is holding back development because any ideas will need to be duplicated and need to work for both options. The code for it is also needlessly complex, without adding too much value. Because of this I hope that having only a village option will allow for more development in the gaming department.
I am picking a village over a character, because character-based to-do lists already exist, and the idea of developing a village was the main reason this website got started in the first place. It's unique enough to offer interesting options that I'd like to explore.
In the future I may re-implement characters to work with the existing gamification that already exists on villages, but for the time being that's not on the table.